docs/index.md, before:

# Home

## Welcome To The Documentation For Aaron Collins' Github Projects
This microsite serves as a documentation hub for my projects. It was built using [mkdocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/) and the [material theme](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/). The microsite is hosted via [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/) and is available at [www.aaroncollins.info/projects/](https://www.aaroncollins.info/projects/).

**Many projects haven't been documented here yet. Please visit my [Github](https://github.com/aaron777collins?tab=repositories) to see the rest of my projects.**

### Links
- **[Main Site - Personal Portfolio](https://www.aaroncollins.info/).**
- [Github Repos (including those that haven't been added here yet)](https://github.com/aaron777collins?tab=repositories)
- [Github Projects Microsite](https://www.aaroncollins.info/projects/).
- [Github Projects Documentation Repo](https://github.com/aaron777collins/projects)
- [mkdocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/)
- [material theme](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/)
- [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/)

Commit message:

added more info to the landing page

docs/index.md, after:

# Home

## Welcome To The Documentation For Aaron Collins' Github Projects
This microsite serves as a documentation hub for my projects. It was built using [mkdocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/) and the [material theme](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/). The microsite is hosted via [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/).

**Many projects haven't been documented here yet. Please visit my [Github](https://github.com/aaron777collins?tab=repositories) to see the rest of my projects.**

Feel free to explore this site and learn more about my projects. If you have any questions, feel free to contact me at [aaron777collins@gmail.com](mailto:aaron777collins@gmail.com). You can also learn more about me on my [main site](https://www.aaroncollins.info/). Don't forget to check out the [repository](https://github.com/aaron777collins/projects) for this site. Thanks for visiting!

## Featured Projects
### ConnectedDrivingPipelineV4
This pipeline is part of my [Connected Driving Pipelines](ConnectedDrivingPipelines.html) and is the most recent version. It has new features such as automatic caching, dependency injection, and context/path providers. Check out the [repository](https://github.com/aaron777collins/ConnectedDrivingPipelineV4) and the [documentation](https://www.aaroncollins.info/ConnectedDrivingPipelineV4/) for more information.

## Links
- **[Main Site - Personal Portfolio](https://www.aaroncollins.info/).**
- [Github Repos (including those that haven't been added here yet)](https://github.com/aaron777collins?tab=repositories)
- [Github Projects Documentation Repo](https://github.com/aaron777collins/projects)
- [mkdocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/)
- [material theme](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/)
- [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/)
